Document that the Windows user is always added to groups (#8293)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/faq/windows-agent-ddagent-user.md

For installs on a domain controller, the `<USERNAME>` and `<PASSWORD>` supplied should **never** be an existing "real" (human) user. The installation process changes the rights of the user and they are denied login access.

> Additonally the installer will add the user to the following groups:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the installer adds the user to the following groups:
```
